Only one weapon to balance for

Player will be doing about 30 DPS

PISTOL

4 small enemies, maybe add one or two more

1 medium enemy, add one or two more

1 large enemy, thats ok

VAGUE BALANCE
Rounds should take about 10 seconds with 5 enemies
	-If anything else, enemies should be able to get some shots in before they die
Minibosses should be 45 seconds - 1 minute
Bosses should be 1:30 - 2:00 minutes

WASTELAND - 8 waves, 1 miniboss, 1 boss
~3:35 - 4:20
this estimate accounts for if there are only 5 enemies each wave, so its not accurate

ENEMIES
	SMALL
		EGGI - The weakest enemy in the category. Heals other enemies very quickly, making them much harder to kill. If only Eggi's are alive, they all shoot out spirals of bullets.
			2 seconds to kill
		SPLURTER - Shoots twin shots at you.
			4 seconds to kill
		BUDDY - Shoots bursts of bullets at you.
			4 seconds to kill
		BONE BOY - The second most weakest enemy in the category. He shoots bullets slowly, but when he dies, his corpse shoots out as a bullet.
			3 seconds to kill
		
		BANDIT TRUCK - Only appears in bandit towns. Shoots tiny bandit bullets.
			4-5 seconds to kill

		The Splurter and Buddy enemies share the same health value, more or less.

	MEDIUM
		HOST - Shoots a triple shot at you. More HP than Buddy and Splurter.
			6-7 seconds to kill
		BIRD - Pukes slow moving bullets that are very big.
			5-7 seconds to kill
		GATLING BANDITS - Only appears in bandit towns. Shoots a blast of bandit bullets in a straight line, with innacuracy.
			4-5 seconds to kill

	LARGE
		TUBBSY - Burps bullets at you. When he dies, he explodes into a massive blast of bullets.
			4-5 seconds to kill?
		
		Just because Tubbsy is a big enemy doesnt have to make him take forever to kill.
		

WASTELAND DECOR
Normal - A sandy desert with piles of junk in the background.
Bandit town - a reddish sand, lots of shantytown houses and scrap everywhere.
	-bandit town shows up when the miniboss does. You get a random amount of waves that are in bandit town BEFORE the miniboss, and one wave in bandit town after the miniboss.
	
Minibosses
Neighborhood Gang
	-Three small enemies that do specific attacks.
	-
Boar Herder
Wasteland Bully

Bosses
King Bubbs
	2 Phases
		-Normal Phase
			-Just doing attacks
				-Burp wall
				-Bullet burp
				-Flak bullets
				-Knight buds
				-Grape eating (rare)
				-Sends out a wizard that can do 3 things:
					-Create a few circles of bullets that shoot out
					-Send two pillars of flame going up and down the road
					-Send a burst of homing bullets
		
		-Angry Phase (35% HP left)
			-Attacks are quicker
				-Bullet wall now has bullets between the walls
				-Bullet burp has more bullets
				
Mutt n' Friends
Attacks
		Angle bouncing gatling
		Random gatling bullets
		Miniturrets alternate shooting (sometimes mutt fires down the middle)
		Miniturrets close in on to create a funnel while mutt shoots
		Short attack where mutt shoots a blast (sometimes minis shoot a mini blast after)
		All three shoot at you
		
	2 Phases
		-Normal Phase
			-Just doing attacks
		
		-Security Breach Phase
			-Puts up siren
			-Attacks are a bit quicker
			-Sends out a flurry of mini bots that fly in the background
			-Bullets fly down from the sky
			

Pig Machine - A GIGANTIC metal tank.
Attacks
	Instead of having main hard attacks, there is a conglomerate of mini attacks all at once.
	High HP because it's impossible to miss.
