toggle trigger needs a bullet limit

Toggle trigger, wavy bullets, jet bullets, causes bullets to die because going off screen

The Plague did some attacks multiple times, might be because transition doesnt consider that attack_choice now does different attacks and doesnt add it in

brick might be buggy
memory leak with brick

The Plague that spit attack is still WAY to op
swamp is hard

Remove Clarity Pill, has a huge chance to make you OP
Brave Spirit doesn't show multiplier change on the menu
Forest Homing stopped working?

enemies in ocean take FOREVER to attack
if a mermaid is in the front, their tridents usually dont come down.

Teleport lines dont show up on later levels, depth thing i guess

with arrow gun, repeated bullets follow same angle.

unchangable pickups arent rerolled by Telekinetic. Bad or good?

some bullets will need to not be destroyed... thats gonna be fun to code

level name doesnt show up on wasteland

At the end of the swamped 2nd fast, make sawer bass do a swipe up

lots of surfaces when playing game...

fix pamper and demon altar, they mess with pickup_parameter
	-also let it be where you can use it anywhere
	
ak_rifle is bugged, only shoot one bullet when should shoot two.
	
entp medallion and particles - PROBABLY bugged

NOT A BUG, but i kinda dont like how slow the transitions can be sometimes, but they're still in the realm of believeability
	transitions are better, but code is wonky

bone boys show explosion into bones when they hit the right side of the screen

There might be a bug with The Plague's Portal Circle decor
	
planet bullets and toggle trigger
planet bullets and flak shot is pretty much ok, KINDA weird
heavily angled planet bullet still works, KINDA weird
	-noodle makes it real wacky
	
There might be a bug with parasite spawner, had two follower worms very close to each other

insta bullets and cigar

Queen flies

Silly text

Fix ds list global.character_traits, pretty much just remove it

The Plague transition 1:
	Anti anomaly
	insta bullet bounce...
	
The plague and forest rain

When going to new level, clear ds lists i think

more enemies

FIX ITEM DESCRIPTIONS OF:
Essence of pity
Spirit heart
Measuring Cup

Try to lower amount of variables

Parasite worm is weird?

Relic of Rando: 
	if on boss wave:
		One random damage item, one random non damage item
	if not on boss wave
		Two random non damage items
		
Fix difficulty curve in levels, make it increase in difficulty on the swamp at least
	Make a switch wave script
	
	On AT LEAST the swamp, switch it so the large enemies, when placed, are placed in the last 5 waves
	
	Probably put the increased enemy count waves on the later waves